Dad, how can you let Li Feng, a waste of money, be thought to be a good speaker?
Do you know what he did to me?
You still have the nerve to say that you have forgotten my old company, Dad!
Don't save my dad. How come the Zhou family has such a waste like you?
Now Li Feng is getting along with you, what invitation?
And is there any way for our Zhou family to survive?
I haven’t rested, Li Feng,
This time I became the president, but...
I haven't rested. What are you doing?
I have nothing to say. I have given you the position of president.
You can still throw it away, what kind of invitation does he have?
Both of them are not as old as you.
Isn’t it Feiwu that you brought with you? I’ll take a look.
Our cooperation needs to be continued
Wan Ming said you can't leave
If you leave
Our Zhou family is completely finished.
What do you want father?
It was the two of us who killed him together.
If Lian Feng picks up again
You can't take it off either, so why not take it off?
Then you say it
What's wrong with you, Ling Feng?
The problem is
Before this spiritual blessing came to the sea,
Just a brother and girlfriend
man with spirit hat
I sent several teams to check
I've never found anything unusual.
no problem
is the biggest problem